README.md, before:

# Projects
Mixture of personal and school projects

# Courses
SENG265: Software Development Methods<br>
Language(s): C, Python<br>
Course Instructor: Adam Murray<br>
Assignment 1 (C): Use Run-Length Encoding as a lossless data compression technique to condense the repetitive parts of DNA sequences.<br>
Assignment 2 (C): Use LZW data compression technique to encode and decode various filetypes.<br>
Assignment 3 (Python): Implementation of basic OLAP (Online Analytical Processing)<br>
Assignment 4 (Python): Convert HTML to CSV Representation<br>
<br>
SENG330: Object Oriented Programming<br>
Language(s): Java<br>
Course Instructor: Neil Ernst<br>
Assignment 1 (Java): Create a simple Dungeons and Dragons battle<br>
<br>
SENG321: Requirements Engineering<br>
Language(s): N/A<br>
Course Instructor: Jens Weber<br>
Other Contributors to Projects (in Alphabetical Order; Last Name, First Name): Abdulaziz, Omar; Kumar, Siddhant; Makhani, Amaan; Parkes, Jon; Vellethara, Elizabeth<br>
Description: As a 'Client', Big Bucks Bank, our group was tasked with constructing a Requirements Document requesting a solution for increasing the amount of client investments at our institution (RD1.0). As a 'Designer', Inventoria, our group was tasked to solve the issue of a convenience store (Kevin's Convenience Store) looking to reduce physical inventory documentation. Through RSD1.0 - RSD_Final, we developed a theoretical web-based application to solve this issue.<br>
<br>
# Personal
Nothing yet!

Commit message:

Updated readme with website details

README.md, after:

# Projects
Mixture of personal and school projects

# Courses
SENG265: Software Development Methods<br>
Language(s): C, Python<br>
Course Instructor: Adam Murray<br>
Assignment 1 (C): Use Run-Length Encoding as a lossless data compression technique to condense the repetitive parts of DNA sequences.<br>
Assignment 2 (C): Use LZW data compression technique to encode and decode various filetypes.<br>
Assignment 3 (Python): Implementation of basic OLAP (Online Analytical Processing)<br>
Assignment 4 (Python): Convert HTML to CSV Representation<br>
<br>
SENG330: Object Oriented Programming<br>
Language(s): Java<br>
Course Instructor: Neil Ernst<br>
Assignment 1 (Java): Create a simple Dungeons and Dragons battle<br>
<br>
SENG321: Requirements Engineering<br>
Language(s): N/A<br>
Course Instructor: Jens Weber<br>
Other Contributors to Projects (in Alphabetical Order; Last Name, First Name): Abdulaziz, Omar; Kumar, Siddhant; Makhani, Amaan; Parkes, Jon; Vellethara, Elizabeth<br>
Description: As a 'Client', Big Bucks Bank, our group was tasked with constructing a Requirements Document requesting a solution for increasing the amount of client investments at our institution (RD1.0). As a 'Designer', Inventoria, our group was tasked to solve the issue of a convenience store (Kevin's Convenience Store) looking to reduce physical inventory documentation. Through RSD1.0 - RSD_Final, we developed a theoretical web-based application to solve this issue.<br>
<br>
# Personal
Websites: OHRLA<br>
Language(s): HTML, CSS<br>
An initial attempt at making a website for a previous employer. Skills learned to accomplish this task are credited to <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/">w3 Schools</a>. <br>
Please note: The information on this website is out of date and does not represent my current employment status or the current status of the OHRLA laboratory.
